Minister digs in over doping row  The Belgian sports minister at the centre of the Svetlana Kuznetsova doping row says he will not apologise for making allegations against her. This
is terrible." "You have no idea what I have been through all these days. "How can you be happy when you see your face on the cover page and talking about doping?" Claude Eerdekens claims the US Open champion tested positive for ephedrine at an exhibition event last month. This product is banned and it's up to her to explain why it's there."Collins to compete in
Birmingham  World and Commonwealth 100m champion Kim Collins will compete in the 60m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February. "This will be a big year for me and I plan to defend my 100m world title in Helsinki in August. The world champion says he's in good shape but he isn't underestimating the home competition. Before then I want to perform well over 60m indoors and start my year in winning form." "I'm looking forward to competing against such a strong field," he said. "I got a great reception form the crowd at the NIA when I won my 60m world indoor silver medal in 2003 and it will be really exciting to return to this venue."Isinbayeva claims new world best  Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva broke
her own indoor world record by clearing 4.89 metres in Lievin on Saturday. It was the Russian's 12th world record of her career and came just a few days after she cleared 4.88m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham. "I am happy even if I know that Maurice is a long way from being at his peak at the start of the season." "I ran my race perfectly," said Scott, who won in 6.46secs, his best time indoors. The Olympic champion went on to attempt 5.05m at the meeting on France but failed to clear that height. It was Greene's second consecutive defeat at the hands of his fellow American, who also won in Birmingham last week.Claxton hunting first major medal  British hurdler Sarah Claxton is confident she can win her first major medal at next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid. "I am quite confident," said Claxton. And at last week's Birmingham Grand Prix, Claxton left European medal
favourite Russian Irina Shevchenko trailing in sixth spot. Now, the Scotland-born athlete owns the equal fifth-fastest time in the world this year. "But I take each race as it comes. Claxton has won the national 60m hurdles title for the past three years but has struggled to translate her domestic success to the international stage.Ferdinand casts doubt over Glazer  Rio Ferdinand has said he is unsure of Malcolm Glazer's motives after the American billionaire launched a new offer to buy Manchester United. "The other stuff off the pitch takes the shine off what is going on the pitch." "A further announcement will be made in due course." "No one knows what this guy will be bringing to the table." But it is believed that
Glazer has substantially reduced the borrowing required for his latest move. He will still need the approval of major shareholders John Magnier and JP McManus, who own 28.9% of the club to succeed.IAAF launches fight against drugs  The IAAF - athletics' world governing body - has met anti-doping officials, coaches and athletes to co-ordinate the fight against drugs in sport. "We are the leading Federation in this field and it is our duty to keep our sport clean." It was also agreed that a programme to "de-mystify" the issue to athletes, the public and the media was a priority. "Getting everyone together gave us a lot of food for thought." "Nothing was decided to change things - it was more to have a forum of the stakeholders allowing them to express themselves," said an IAAF spokesman. About 60 people attended Sunday's meeting in Monaco, including IAAF chief Lamine Diack and Namibian athlete Frankie Fredericks, now a member of the Athletes' Commission.Henman decides to quit Davis Cup  Tim Henman has retired from Great Britain's Davis Cup team. "We have a host of talented players coming through and despite losing someone of Tim's calibre, I remain very optimistic about the future." "I've really enjoyed playing in front of the thousands of British fans both home and abroad and would like to thank every one of them for their unwavering support over the years." "Tim's magnificent record speaks for itself. Captain Jeremy Bates has touted Alex Bogdanovic and Andrew Murray as possible replacements for the veteran. They made the final stages again, in 2002, but this time lost out to the might of Sweden.Smith aims to bring back respect  Scotland manager Walter Smith says he wants to restore the national team's respectability in world football. "We have to meet the challenge of each match." While qualification for the 2006 World Cup appears to be beyond Scotland, Smith is anxious that the remainder of the campaign should be positive. He said: "I pointed out how I see the international team going forward and that was the main topic. Smith will be absent for the final sessions, however, as he is due to fly out to Sardinia on Wednesday to watch Italy's friendly with Russia. "This is a relaxed gathering and I don't think there is a lot of doom and gloom about the squad that a lot of people think exists."Scotland v Italy (Sat)  Murrayfield, Edinburgh  Saturday, 26 February  1400 GMT  BBC1, Five Live and this website  Victory for the Azzurri in Rome last year saw Scotland end their campaign without a victory. G Intoppa, S Perugini, CA del Fava, S Orlando, P Griffen, R Pedrazzi, KP Robertson. R Russell, B Douglas, N Hines, J Dunbar, M Blair, G Ross, B Hinshelwood. "It will be fundamental to keep cool in the difficult moments - in the key situations of the game." Taylor's recovery from a serious knee injury is a major boost to Scottish hopes. : C Paterson; S Webster, A Craig, H Southwell, S Lamont; D Parks, C Cusiter; T Smith, G Bulloch (capt), G Kerr; S Grimes, S Murray; S Taylor, J Petrie, A Hogg.Bees handed potential Man Utd tie  Brentford face a home tie against holders Manchester United in the FA Cup sixth round if they can come through their replay against Southampton. It will probably be on television. welcomed the opportunity
to face United. "But I've been drawn against United so many times in cups and beaten them at both Bournemouth and West Ham. The ties will be played on the weekend of 12-13 March. The League One side held the Saints at St Mary's in their fifth-round tie and were rewarded with a potential draw against Sir Alex Ferguson's side.Barcelona title hopes hit by loss  Barcelona's pursuit of the Spanish title took a blow on Sunday as they fell to a 2-0 defeat at home to Atletico Madrid. The defeat, coupled with Real Madrid's 4-0 win over Espanyol on Saturday, reduces Barca's lead to four points. Real have now won six consecutive Primera Liga games since coach Wanderley Luxemburgo took charge. Ronaldino wasted a second-half chance to equalise for Barca when he put a penalty wide, but Torres made no such mistake with a last-minute spot-kick. David Beckham, watched by Sven-Goran Eriksson, came off in the 67th minute with a shoulder injury but should be fit for England's game against Holland. Fernando Torres gave Athletico an ideal start with a goal in the first minute.Premier League planning Cole date  The Premier League is attempting to find a mutually convenient date to investigate allegations Chelsea made an illegal approach for Ashley Cole. "It's not a formal situation where they've got so much time to respond." "I have built a fantastic playing relationship with Ashley. Everybody has that right." Both clubs have pledged to co-operate with the inquiry which will be conducted on a single day as opposed to being run as an ongoing evaluation. "We play together so well - we could do it with our eyes shut.Campese berates whingeing England  Former Australian wing David Campese has told England to stop whingeing in the wake of their defeat to Ireland. "But playing at home is a major boost. "Stop going on about it as who really cares? England face a potential wooden spoon match against Italy on 12 March. And the possible Grand Slam decider at the Millennium Stadium will be just too much for the Irish." They're acting like they're the first team to be cheated of a win."Umaga ready for "fearsome" Lions  All Blacks captain Tama Umaga has warned the British and Irish
Lions will be his most fearsome opponents yet ahead of their summer tour. "But you can't disguise Wales and Ireland in particular. "There are so many people that were affected, are still affected and will be affected for a long time. In fact, it's not just us All Blacks - it's the talk of the country." "The second [Southern Hemisphere coach] Rod Macqueen made the approach, I didn't hesitate. But Umaga said: "He'd be hard pushed to do that now considering the shape of the Six Nations.Umaga ready for Lions  All Blacks captain Tama Umaga has warned the British and Irish Lions will be his most fearsome opponents yet ahead of their summer tour. "But you can't disguise Wales and Ireland in particular. "There are so many people that were affected, are still affected and will be affected for a long time. In fact, it's not just us All Blacks - it's the talk of the country." "The second [Southern Hemisphere coach] Rod Macqueen made the approach, I didn't hesitate. But Umaga said: "He'd be hard pushed to do that now considering the shape of the Six Nations.Woodward eyes Brennan for Lions  Toulouse's former Irish international Trevor Brennan could be one of Clive Woodward's many surprises when the 44-man Lions tour squad is announced. The 31-year-old former Dublin milkman moved from Leinster to Toulouse in 2003 and immediately picked up a Heineken Cup winner's medal in an all-French final against Perpignan at Lansdowne Road. Brennan is highly-rated at Stade Toulousain, where he is used anywhere in the back five. Woodward is ensuring his preparations for the trip to New Zealand in June are as thorough as possible. "I haven't heard a bad word said against Trevor, which, considering he has a pretty tough guy reputation, is, to me, impressive." Brennan, who last played for Ireland against Samoa in 2001, is held in high esteem by the former England coach.