{"001.txt": "Claxton hunting first major medal  British hurdler Sarah Claxton is confident she can win her first major medal at next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid. \"I am quite confident,\" said Claxton. And at last week's Birmingham Grand Prix, Claxton left European medal favourite Russian Irina Shevchenko trailing in sixth spot. Now, the Scotland-born athlete owns the equal fifth-fastest time in the world this year. \"But I take each race as it comes. Claxton has won the national 60m hurdles title for the past three years but has struggled to translate her domestic success to the international stage.", "002.txt": "O'Sullivan could run in Worlds  Sonia O'Sullivan has indicated that she would like to participate in next month's World Cross Country Championships in St Etienne. Athletics Ireland have hinted that the 35-year-old Cobh runner may be included in the official line-up for the event in France on 19-20 March. The participation of O'Sullivan, currentily training at her base in Australia, would boost the Ireland team who won the bronze three years agio. O'Sullivan is at present preparing for the London marathon on 17 April. Provincial teams were selected after last Saturday's Nationals in Santry and will be officially announced this week. O'Sullivan will also take part in the Bupa Great Ireland Run on 9 April in Dublin.", "003.txt": "Greene sets sights on world title  Maurice Greene aims to wipe out the pain of losing his Olympic 100m title in Athens by winning a fourth World Championship crown this summer. \"It really hurts to look at that medal. It was my mistake. \"I just felt like I was running all alone. He then has another indoor meeting in France before resuming training for the outdoor season and the task of recapturing his world title in Helsinki in August. \"There's always someone else coming.", "004.txt": "IAAF launches fight against drugs  The IAAF - athletics' world governing body - has met anti-doping officials, coaches and athletes to co-ordinate the fight against drugs in sport. \"We are the leading Federation in this field and it is our duty to keep our sport clean.\" It was also agreed that a programme to \"de-mystify\" the issue to athletes, the public and the media was a priority. \"Getting everyone together gave us a lot of food for thought.\" \"Nothing was decided to change things - it was more to have a forum of the stakeholders allowing them to express themselves,\" said an IAAF spokesman. About 60 people attended Sunday's meeting in Monaco, including IAAF chief Lamine Diack and Namibian athlete Frankie Fredericks, now a member of the Athletes' Commission.", "005.txt": "Dibaba breaks 5,000m world record  Ethiopia's Tirunesh Dibaba set a new world record in winning the women's 5,000m at the Boston Indoor Games. \"So I kept on the pace. The race was mine.\" Dibaba won in 14 minutes 32.93 seconds to erase the previous world indoor mark of 14:39.29 set by another Ethiopian, Berhane Adera, in Stuttgart last year. But compatriot Kenenisa Bekele's record hopes were dashed when he miscounted his laps in the men's 3,000m and staged his sprint finish a lap too soon. \"I didn't want to sit back and get out-kicked,\" said Cragg.", "006.txt": "Isinbayeva claims new world best  Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva broke her own indoor world record by clearing 4.89 metres in Lievin on Saturday. It was the Russian's 12th world record of her career and came just a few days after she cleared 4.88m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham. \"I am happy even if I know that Maurice is a long way from being at his peak at the start of the season.\" \"I ran my race perfectly,\" said Scott, who won in 6.46secs, his best time indoors. The Olympic champion went on to attempt 5.05m at the meeting on France but failed to clear that height. It was Greene's second consecutive defeat at the hands of his fellow American, who also won in Birmingham last week.", "007.txt": "O'Sullivan commits to Dublin race  Sonia O'Sullivan will seek to regain her title at the Bupa Great Ireland Run on 9 April in Dublin. \"I understand she's had a solid winter's training down in Australia after recovering from a minor injury,\" said race director Matthew Turnbull. Carroll has stepped up his form in recent weeks and in late January scored an impressive 3,000m victory over leading American Alan Webb in Boston. Mark Carroll, Irish record holder at 3km, 5km and 10km, will make his debut in the mass participation 10km race. The 35-year-old was beaten into fourth at last year's event, having won it a year earlier. Carroll will be facing stiff competition from Australian Craig Mottram, winner in Dublin for the last two years.", "008.txt": "Hansen 'delays return until 2006'  British triple jumper Ashia Hansen has ruled out a comeback this year after a setback in her recovery from a bad knee injury, according to reports. \"It's been a frustrating time for her, but it has not fazed her determination,\" he added. Hansen, the Commonwealth and European champion, has been sidelined since the European Cup in Poland in June 2004. \"There was a problem with the wound healing and it set back her rehabilitation by about two months, but that has been solved and we can push ahead now,\" he said. It was hoped she would be able to return this summer, but the wound from the injury has been very slow to heal. Her coach Aston Moore told the Times: \"We're not looking at any sooner than 2006, not as a triple jumper.\"", "009.txt": "Off-colour Gardener storms to win  Britain's Jason Gardener shook off an upset stomach to win the 60m at Sunday's Leipzig International meeting. \"It's just a case of chipping away as I have done in previous years and the results will come.\" \"I felt a little better Sunday morning but decided I'd only run in the main race. Scotland's Ian Mackie was also in action in Leipzig. The 24-year-old reached the mark in her heat but had to settle for joint first place with former AAA champion Diane Allahgreen in the final. That leap - 37cm short of Brazilian winner Jadel Gregorio's effort - was good enough to qualify for the European Indoor Championships.", "010.txt": "Collins to compete in Birmingham  World and Commonwealth 100m champion Kim Collins will compete in the 60m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February. \"This will be a big year for me and I plan to defend my 100m world title in Helsinki in August. The world champion says he's in good shape but he isn't underestimating the home competition. Before then I want to perform well over 60m indoors and start my year in winning form.\" \"I'm looking forward to competing against such a strong field,\" he said. \"I got a great reception form the crowd at the NIA when I won my 60m world indoor silver medal in 2003 and it will be really exciting to return to this venue.\"", "015.txt": "Aussie McGrath to take match off  Third one-day international, Auckland: New Zealand v Australia  Match begins 0100 GMT  Opener Matthew Hayden will also sit out the match because of a shoulder injury suffered in the second game on Tuesday. But Adams has been ruled out due to illness, adding to the home side's woes after Scott Styris injured his knee. News that several batsmen had spent time with the team psychologist on Wednesday added to the air of desperation in the New Zealand camp. \"But more importantly we want to play up to the standard we have over the last 12-24 months.\" McGrath's place goes to Michael Kasprowicz while Simon Katich replaces Hayden, and will open the batting in preference to Michael Clarke. The Black Caps dropped batsman Mathew Sinclair after the opening two defeats, calling in opener Michael Papps and all-rounder Andre Adams.", "016.txt": "Batsman Van Jaarsveld joins Kent  South African batsman Martin van Jaarsveld has ended his international career to sign a contract with Kent. \"You need continuity in the dressing room. \"We've been talking to him for some time but he was under contract so we had to stay silent,\" he continued. \"When you see that there are tours going on around the world it's very difficult to pinpoint talent for a long period of time and this is the solution.\" \"Having understood that my future international prospects might be limited, I needed to weigh up my options and make a decision that was in the best interests of my long-term future,\" he explained. \"Now he has released himself from that, we are very happy that he's joining us and has committed to playing for Kent.\"", "017.txt": "Jayasuriya set to join Somerset  Somerset are expected to announce later on Thursday that Sri Lankan batsman Sanath Jayasuriya will join the county for the start of the 2005 season. Chief executive Peter Anderson told BBC Sport that the club would release a statement on the matter at 1600 GMT. Jayasuriya will probably fill the place of Graeme Smith on a temporary basis as the South African is due to arrive in late May to captain the team. Jayasuriya, 35, had rejected an offer to play for the Scottish Saltires. It is shaping up to be a golden summer for Sri Lankans in English domestic cricket, with Upul Chandana (Gloucestershire), Chaminda Vaas (Worcestershire) and Muttiah Muralitharan (Lancashire) all contracted. Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene are also reported to be looking for opportunities.", "018.txt": "Streak happy with comeback  Heath Streak was pleased with his performance on his Zimbabwe comeback, despite the defeat to South Africa. The first of two back-to-back Tests begins in Cape Town on Friday. \"Streaky is an old campaigner who knows how to play in those situations.\" Nicky Boje, standing in as South Africa captain in Graeme Smith's absence, praised the tourists, particularly Streak. Thanks in the main to Streak, Zimbabwe recovered from 35-5 to post 206-8 in their 50 overs and then reduced the home side to 79-4. But Justin Kemp, who was lucky not to be adjudged caught behind first ball, and was then dropped twice, smashed an unbeaten 78 to steer South Africa to victory.", "019.txt": "Auckland set forTwenty20  Twenty20 International, Auckland  New Zealand v Australia (Starts Thursday 0600 GMT)  The Black Caps will be without injured Daniel Vettori, though he is likely to play in Saturday's first match of the 50-over one-day series. Australia were given a boost when Matthew Hayden overcame a pleurisy scare to be available for all matches. S Fleming (cpt). Former rugby union international Jeff Wilson is included in the 12-man squad for the historic encounter. \"As a team, we are under no illusions about how tough it will be or how good they are, but it's simply a matter of playing consistently well against them and grabbing all our chances.\" Statistics may favour New Zealand, who have not lost a home series in four years, but statistics count for nothing compared to current form where Australia have an aura of invincibility.", "020.txt": "Batting prospects excite Vaughan  England skipper Michael Vaughan is excited over a potential middle-order allegiance between Andrew Flintoff and Kevin Pietersen this summer. \"They're destructive and can take the game to the opposition.\" Vaughan added: \"It is a challenge I am really looking forward to because when you face the biggest challenges you have to relish it and I am sure the team will be thinking the same way.\" But he would have to dislodge Rob Key and Mark Butcher from the waiting list, and Ian Bell has also staked a claim for a place. The last few Ashes encounters have seen England decimated by injury, but Vaughan is hoping not to have this burden during the summer. \"But there is not only Kevin Pietersen available.", "021.txt": "Jayasuriya set to join Somerset  Somerset are expected to announce later on Thursday that Sri Lankan batsman Sanath Jayasuriya will join the county for the start of the 2005 season. Chief executive Peter Anderson told BBC Sport that the club would release a statement on the matter at 1600 GMT. Jayasuriya will probably fill the place of Graeme Smith on a temporary basis as the South African is due to arrive in late May to captain the team. Jayasuriya, 35, had rejected an offer to play for the Scottish Saltires. It is shaping up to be a golden summer for Sri Lankans in English domestic cricket, with Upul Chandana (Gloucestershire), Chaminda Vaas (Worcestershire) and Muttiah Muralitharan (Lancashire) all contracted. Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene are also reported to be looking for opportunities.", "022.txt": "Pakistan batsmen make edgy start  Tour match, Dharamsala, day one (stumps) Pakistan 165-5 v Indian Board President's XI  At stumps on day one of three, the tourists were 165-5 in Dharamsala, with only 45 overs possible because of rain. It was the only wicket to fall to a spinner during the course of a chilly day in this city in the foothills of the Himalayas. The match is Pakistan's only warm-up game before the first of three Tests against India begins in Mohali on 8 March. Gagandeep then did his job with the ball as Younis Khan was caught at second slip for a two-ball duck. And moments later Umar was held at short midwicket off bat and pad to give Rudra Singh a wicket. With the pressure on, Inzamam and Kamal produced a dogged effort in the final session before venugopal Rao trapped the skipper lbw.", "023.txt": "Pakistan question warm-up venue  Pakistan have voiced concern about the choice of Dharamshala to stage their only warm-up game in India. \"Everybody is keeping their fingers crossed,\" he added. \"They can spring a surprise in India, I think we have a talented side.\" But the players could only watch the skies from their hotel after an hour-long drive from Kangra airport where they had arrived in two planes because of its short runway. \"We are helpless before nature,\" said Anurag Thakur, president of the local Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association. Tuesday's practice session had to be cancelled because of rain and the forecast is gloomy until the weekend.", "024.txt": "India's top six secure - Ganguly  Captain Sourav Ganguly has revealed India will not be tempted into tinkering with their batting order for the first Test against Pakistan. \"It will be a tough series and the next 50 days will be a treat for fans of both sides.\" \"If you ask any batsman, he would like to bat higher up, as it gives a greater opportunity to score. \"In a year's time, we should have a settled opening pair.\" In addition to spinners Anil Kumble and Harbhajan Singh, India will be forced to choose from the pace quartet of Irfan Pathan, Zaheer Khan, Ashish Nehra and Lakshmipathy Balaji. \"While batting lower down the order, you have to play more with the tail.\"", "025.txt": "Time to get tough on friendlies? The injury problems in defence should at least give the likes of Wes Brown and Jamie Carragher a chance to impress. The debate will rage on, and I'm not sure there is a satisfactory solution. If you win, people forget them, but if you lose it becomes a stat that can be used against you. For the club managers, it will simply be a case of waiting at home with fingers crossed. He will have his own ideas on individuals and how to play and will probably look more at the performance, but the public wants results.", "026.txt": "Barcelona title hopes hit by loss  Barcelona's pursuit of the Spanish title took a blow on Sunday as they fell to a 2-0 defeat at home to Atletico Madrid. The defeat, coupled with Real Madrid's 4-0 win over Espanyol on Saturday, reduces Barca's lead to four points. Real have now won six consecutive Primera Liga games since coach Wanderley Luxemburgo took charge. Ronaldino wasted a second-half chance to equalise for Barca when he put a penalty wide, but Torres made no such mistake with a last-minute spot-kick. David Beckham, watched by Sven-Goran Eriksson, came off in the 67th minute with a shoulder injury but should be fit for England's game against Holland. Fernando Torres gave Athletico an ideal start with a goal in the first minute.", "027.txt": "Parry puts Gerrard 'above money'  Listen to the full interview on Sport on Five and the BBC Sport website from 1900 GMT. He's not alone in that. You can forget that.\" \"We had discussions with Steve over the course of 2004. We are still evaluating it. We know he's ambitious and nobody can argue with that.", "028.txt": "Bees handed potential Man Utd tie  Brentford face a home tie against holders Manchester United in the FA Cup sixth round if they can come through their replay against Southampton. It will probably be on television. welcomed the opportunity to face United. \"But I've been drawn against United so many times in cups and beaten them at both Bournemouth and West Ham. The ties will be played on the weekend of 12-13 March. The League One side held the Saints at St Mary's in their fifth-round tie and were rewarded with a potential draw against Sir Alex Ferguson's side.", "029.txt": "England's defensive crisis grows  England's defensive worries have deepened following the withdrawal of Tottenham's Ledley King from the squad to face Holland. King was forced to pull out after his groin injury was assessed by England's medical staff. The 25-year-old was only called into the squad on Sunday night as cover following the enforced withdrawal of Upson, who has a hamstring injury. Manchester United's Brown last played for England in the defeat by Australia at Upton Park in February 2003. And Brown now looks certain to add to his tally of seven senior appearances for England. Chelsea's John Terry and Wayne Bridge are also out, leaving coach Sven-Goran Eriksson with a real problem for Wednesday's match at Villa Park.", "030.txt": "Ferdinand casts doubt over Glazer  Rio Ferdinand has said he is unsure of Malcolm Glazer's motives after the American billionaire launched a new offer to buy Manchester United. \"The other stuff off the pitch takes the shine off what is going on the pitch.\" \"A further announcement will be made in due course.\" \"No one knows what this guy will be bringing to the table.\" But it is believed that Glazer has substantially reduced the borrowing required for his latest move. He will still need the approval of major shareholders John Magnier and JP McManus, who own 28.9% of the club to succeed.", "031.txt": "Premier League planning Cole date  The Premier League is attempting to find a mutually convenient date to investigate allegations Chelsea made an illegal approach for Ashley Cole. \"It's not a formal situation where they've got so much time to respond.\" \"I have built a fantastic playing relationship with Ashley. Everybody has that right.\" Both clubs have pledged to co-operate with the inquiry which will be conducted on a single day as opposed to being run as an ongoing evaluation. \"We play together so well - we could do it with our eyes shut.", "032.txt": "McCall earns Tannadice reprieve  Dundee United manager Ian McCall has won a reprieve from the sack, with chairman Eddie Thompson calling for an end to speculation over his future. \"We're in a difficult situation. Keeper Tony Bullock echoed McIntyre's sentiments. \"I can assure you the timescale is not the right one. \"Hopefully now he gets the chance to stay.\" \"At the moment it is all speculation and we have got to rise above all that and do a job on the pitch.\"", "033.txt": "Kewell waits as injury drags on  Liverpool winger Harry Kewell is struggling to recover from his Achilles tendinitis problem and may not recover until March, claims his agent. Kewell has not played since December 19 and misses out on international duty this week, with Australia facing South Africa in Durban on Wednesday. \"But despite his best efforts at the moment he simply can't shake off the discomfort and get back on the park.\" But Bernie Mandic said: \"He's had scans which don't show anything substantial. Mandic continued in the Sydney Morning Herald: \"Harry's struggling a bit but the club are doing everything they can to get him right. Kewell, 26, had hoped to play against Fulham last weekend and to be ready for the Champions League tie against Bayer Leverkusen on 22 February.", "034.txt": "Smith aims to bring back respect  Scotland manager Walter Smith says he wants to restore the national team's respectability in world football. \"We have to meet the challenge of each match.\" While qualification for the 2006 World Cup appears to be beyond Scotland, Smith is anxious that the remainder of the campaign should be positive. He said: \"I pointed out how I see the international team going forward and that was the main topic. Smith will be absent for the final sessions, however, as he is due to fly out to Sardinia on Wednesday to watch Italy's friendly with Russia. \"This is a relaxed gathering and I don't think there is a lot of doom and gloom about the squad that a lot of people think exists.\"", "038.txt": "Woodward eyes Brennan for Lions  Toulouse's former Irish international Trevor Brennan could be one of Clive Woodward's many surprises when the 44-man Lions tour squad is announced. The 31-year-old former Dublin milkman moved from Leinster to Toulouse in 2003 and immediately picked up a Heineken Cup winner's medal in an all-French final against Perpignan at Lansdowne Road. Brennan is highly-rated at Stade Toulousain, where he is used anywhere in the back five. Woodward is ensuring his preparations for the trip to New Zealand in June are as thorough as possible. \"I haven't heard a bad word said against Trevor, which, considering he has a pretty tough guy reputation, is, to me, impressive.\" Brennan, who last played for Ireland against Samoa in 2001, is held in high esteem by the former England coach.", "039.txt": "Scotland v Italy (Sat)  Murrayfield, Edinburgh  Saturday, 26 February  1400 GMT  BBC1, Five Live and this website  Victory for the Azzurri in Rome last year saw Scotland end their campaign without a victory. G Intoppa, S Perugini, CA del Fava, S Orlando, P Griffen, R Pedrazzi, KP Robertson. R Russell, B Douglas, N Hines, J Dunbar, M Blair, G Ross, B Hinshelwood. \"It will be fundamental to keep cool in the difficult moments - in the key situations of the game.\" Taylor's recovery from a serious knee injury is a major boost to Scottish hopes. : C Paterson; S Webster, A Craig, H Southwell, S Lamont; D Parks, C Cusiter; T Smith, G Bulloch (capt), G Kerr; S Grimes, S Murray; S Taylor, J Petrie, A Hogg.", "040.txt": "Preview: Ireland v England (Sun)  Lansdowne Road, Dublin  Sunday, 27 February  1500 GMT  BBC1, Radio 4 LW and this website  Ireland are going for their first Grand Slam since 1948 after two opening wins, and England represent their sternest test of the Championship so far. A Titterrell, D Bell, S Borthwick, A Hazell, M Dawson, A Goode, O Smith. F Sheahan, M Horan, D O'Callaghan, E Miller, G Easterby, D Humphreys, K Maggs. \"They will target a victory in Dublin as the turning point in their Six Nations.\" G Murphy; G Dempsey, B O'Driscoll, S Horgan, D Hickie; R O'Gara, P Stringer; R Corrigan, S Byrne, J Hayes; M O'Kelly, P O'Connell; S Easterby, J O'Connor, A Foley. \"We have had a good week's training and we are all looking forward to the challenge.", "041.txt": "Leeds v Saracens (Fri)  Headingley  Friday, 25 February  2000 GMT  The Tykes have brought in Newcastle prop Ed Kalman and Tom McGee from the Borders on loan while fly-half Craig McMullen has joined from Narbonne. - Friday's game at Headingley got the go-ahead on Friday after passing an early pitch inspection. Leeds: Balshaw; Rees, Christophers, Bell, Doherty; McMullen, Dickens; McGee, Rawlinson, Gerber; Murphy, Palmer (capt), Morgan, Parks, Popham. Replacements: Cairns, Lloyd, Broster, Chesney, Johnston, Rauluni, Little. Replacements: Kalman, Regan, Hyde, Rigney, McMillan, Rock, Vickerman. Raphael Ibanez is named at hooker for Saracens in one of four changes.", "042.txt": "Worcester v Sale (Fri)  Sixways  Friday, 25 February  2000 GMT  They make just one change, with Tim Collier replacing Phil Murphy in the second row. In contrast, Sale are missing 14 players due to a combination of international call-ups and injuries. Delport; Pieters, Rasmussen, Lombard, O'Leary; Brown, Powell; Windo, Van Niekerk, Horsman; Collier, Gillies; Hickey, Sanderson, MacLeod- Henderson. Replacements: Fortey, Murphy, Daly, Vaili, Cole, Hayes, Trueman. Replacements (from): Bozzi, Coutts, Anglesea, Lund, Martens, Riley, Duffy, C Jones. Hanley; Mayor, Payne, Rhys Jones, Wigglesworth; Hercus, Redpath (capt); Turner, Roddam, Stewart; Day, Schofield; Caillet, Carter, Chabal.", "043.txt": "Robinson answers critics  England captain Jason Robinson has rubbished suggestions that the world champions are a team in decline. He is an outstanding player but we have gone for Olly (Barkley) because of the kicking. England find themselves striving to avoid a third successive championship defeat for the first time since 1987. \"We proved that in the autumn - when we put in some excellent performances - and we just need to build on that. \"It was a disappointing start against Wales and we might be down on that. We will come out fighting this week.\"", "044.txt": "Sella wants Michalak recall  Former France centre Philippe Sella believes coach Bernard Laporte must recall Frederic Michalak to give his side any chance of beating Ireland. \"It's difficult, though, when you change a team and you change your tactics as everything has to gel. But he told BBC Sport: \"Michalak is the answer both now and for the future. \"Their only mistakes were that they didn't score enough points in the first half and were a little bit less focused in the second... but only a little bit.\" It's going to be tough.\" The majority of media criticism centred on the way in which France produced a performance devoid of running rugby in their opening two games.", "045.txt": "Umaga ready for Lions  All Blacks captain Tama Umaga has warned the British and Irish Lions will be his most fearsome opponents yet ahead of their summer tour. \"But you can't disguise Wales and Ireland in particular. \"There are so many people that were affected, are still affected and will be affected for a long time. In fact, it's not just us All Blacks - it's the talk of the country.\" \"The second [Southern Hemisphere coach] Rod Macqueen made the approach, I didn't hesitate. But Umaga said: \"He'd be hard pushed to do that now considering the shape of the Six Nations.", "046.txt": "Umaga ready for \"fearsome\" Lions  All Blacks captain Tama Umaga has warned the British and Irish Lions will be his most fearsome opponents yet ahead of their summer tour. \"But you can't disguise Wales and Ireland in particular. \"There are so many people that were affected, are still affected and will be affected for a long time. In fact, it's not just us All Blacks - it's the talk of the country.\" \"The second [Southern Hemisphere coach] Rod Macqueen made the approach, I didn't hesitate. But Umaga said: \"He'd be hard pushed to do that now considering the shape of the Six Nations.", "047.txt": "Campese berates whingeing England  Former Australian wing David Campese has told England to stop whingeing in the wake of their defeat to Ireland. \"Stop going on about it as who really cares? \"But playing at home is a major boost. England face a potential wooden spoon match against Italy on 12 March. And the possible Grand Slam decider at the Millennium Stadium will be just too much for the Irish.\" They're acting like they're the first team to be cheated of a win.\"", "079.txt": "Moya sidesteps Davis Cup in 2005  Carlos Moya has chosen not to help Spain try and defend the Davis Cup crown they won in Seville in November. \"They know that after this season they can count on me again if they so wish.\" I have taken this difficult decision to concentrate on the regular circuit,\" said Moya. \"At the age of 29 I have set some tough goals in my professional career and this season I need to fix my objectives on specific dates and tournaments,\" he said. \"Since the Davis Cup in Seville I have been working on my condition as well as technical and medical aspects of my game which will allow me to come into the big events of the year in top form.\" \"After two years of total commitment with the Davis Cup team...", "080.txt": "Henman decides to quit Davis Cup  Tim Henman has retired from Great Britain's Davis Cup team. \"We have a host of talented players coming through and despite losing someone of Tim's calibre, I remain very optimistic about the future.\" \"I've really enjoyed playing in front of the thousands of British fans both home and abroad and would like to thank every one of them for their unwavering support over the years.\" \"Tim's magnificent record speaks for itself. Captain Jeremy Bates has touted Alex Bogdanovic and Andrew Murray as possible replacements for the veteran. They made the final stages again, in 2002, but this time lost out to the might of Sweden.", "081.txt": "Ivanovic seals Canberra victory  Serbia's Ana Ivanovic captured her first WTA title with a straight-sets victory over Hungarian Melinda Czink in the final of the Canberra Classic. The 17-year-old took 83 minutes to take the match 7-5 6-1. Ivanovic beat Czink in the last round of qualifying but the Hungarian made the main draw as a lucky loser after Katarina Srebotnik withdrew injured. Ivanovic said: \"I was really nervous in the beginning, but I pulled through and didn't do too much wrong.\" Ivanovic will play 32nd seed Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic in the first round.said of the Australian Open in Melbourne. A junior Wimbledon finalist last year, she added: \"It's my first WTA title, and to win it has really given me more energy to practice and improve.\"", "082.txt": "Minister digs in over doping row  The Belgian sports minister at the centre of the Svetlana Kuznetsova doping row says he will not apologise for making allegations against her. This is terrible.\" \"You have no idea what I have been through all these days. \"How can you be happy when you see your face on the cover page and talking about doping?\" Claude Eerdekens claims the US Open champion tested positive for ephedrine at an exhibition event last month. This product is banned and it's up to her to explain why it's there.\"", "083.txt": "Safin relieved at Aussie recovery  Marat Safin admitted he thought he was suffering another Australian Open final nightmare when he lost the opening set to Lleyton Hewitt. \"He started really well. \"Because he made a couple of mistakes, I was a little bit lucky at some point, then the confidence came back and I was back in the game.\" He added: \"You really have to deal with the pressure because normally it never happens but when you come to the final you are so tight because you want to win. And the Russian revealed that the victory, and his semi-final win over world number one Roger Federer, had given him a massive boost for the future. From 4-1 down in the third set, Safin played some of his best tennis to reel off seven games and take control of the match.", "084.txt": "Veteran Martinez wins Thai title  Conchita Martinez won her first title in almost five years with victory over Anna-Lena Groenefeld at the Volvo Women's Open in Pattaya, Thailand. The 32-year-old Spaniard came through 6-3 3-6 6-3 for her first title since Berlin in 2000. \"It was my first final, a new experience,\" said the German. Groenefeld was the more powerful player but could not match her opponent's relentless accuracy. \"It's been nearly five years and I didn't think I could do it.\" \"It feels really good,\" said Martinez, who is playing her last season on the Tour.", "085.txt": "Soderling wins tense Milan final  Fifth seed Robin Soderling took the Milan Indoors title with a dramatic win over Radek Stepanek in Sunday's final. Soderling, the world number 37, shrugged off a nervous start to take the opening set on his first set point. \"I was really on form, my service was good and I really liked playing on the synthetic surface.\" \"I'm delighted to have won against such a good opponent in a tournament of this importance,\" said Soderling. The 20-year-old Swede edged the final set tie-break for a 6-3 6-7 (2-7) 7-6 (7-5) victory and his second tour title after winning in Lyon last year. A change in approach from fourth seed Stepanek in the second set paid dividends as he took it on a tie-break, but Soderling's superior power proved too much in the third.", "086.txt": "Rusedski forced out in Marseille  Greg Rusedski was forced to withdraw from the Open 13 in Marseille on Thursday with a rib injury. But Rusedski was unable to take to the court because of a problem with the left-hand side of his rib-cage. The British number two had been scheduled to play qualifier Sebastien de Chaunac, who beat world number five Guillermo Coria 6-4 7-5 in round one. There were also wins for Slovakia's Karol Beck and Croatian duo Ivan Ljubicic and Mario Ancic. American Taylor Dent caused a shock with a 7-6 6-2 victory over second seed David Nalbandian. But third seed Joachim Johansson made it through after beating Frenchman Gilles Simon 7-6 6-3 while in the first match of the day, sixth seed Feliciano Lopez defeated Ivo Karlovic.", "087.txt": "Big guns ease through in San Jose  Top-seeded Americans Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi survived minor scares to reach the last eight of the SAP Open. and afterwards was unimpressed with his form. \"But I'm through and I'm going to keep battling. Frenchman Cyril Saulnier, meanwhile, fired 19 aces to secure a 6-1 7-6 win over Czech qualifier Tomas Zib. It is the 12th time in 13 appearances at the event that Agassi, now 34, has progressed to the quarter-final stage. \"A lot of people are under the assumption that it's easy to play well every week and it's not.\"", "088.txt": "Almagro continues Spanish surge  Unseeded Nicolas Almagro became the fifth Spaniard to reach the last eight at the Buenos Aires Open, ousting eighth seed Mariano Zabaleta. He will now play Gaston Gaudio, who beat unseeded Brazilian Flavio Saretta 6-3 6-2 in the day's late match. \"Luckily, I was able to keep my pace going throughout the match.\" He showed admirable resolve to win a rain-affected match 6-7 6-4 6-4. \"It's always a problem to have to stop for rain but one gets used to it,\" said Spanish teenager Nadal. Compatriot and seventh seed Rafael Nadal also reached the last eight, beating Italian Potito Starace 6-1 6-3."}